get shuffled out yeah I don't think he's
going to do that and plus he's got us
very small pack of cars there in
comparison 20 just pushed him that is
Clint Bowyer in the 29 car in a 99 of
Michael Waltrip two of the car area that
the plane is interesting I mean he just
didn't travel to I think 20 just funded
the 99 right across her nose
so first yellow flag today good movie
has some damage you see yeah he gets his
car rotted and pulling away the roof
flap now up on his Chevy and there's a
damage on the front of the 99 car as
Michael tries to get his car fired but
this say a disappointment for Michael
but a big break for some other driver
yeah especially Dale Earnhardt jr. he
just in front of these leaders and
trying hard to stay on the lead lap and
he's got a fast car but this is a tough
break for Michael he was trying them
really hard to get that lucky dog in
case the caution comes out and right
here he gets a big big push off flat 20
at the wrong place that's exactly what
we've been talking about he talked about
this bump drafting you hear about it and
that's just not the place to do it as
you know you're almost to the
straightaway but you still the driver in
front there still has the student wheel
turned a little bit and just pushed him
right around right in front of a Clint
Bowyer in the 29 yeah Michael was
running in fourth position and let's
watch the tap
that's the patients that we're talking
about you just have to just show it all
the time there's nothing intentional
Joey Logano is part but no it's
definitely a mistake yes
right across the nose the 29 and Clinton
Boyer had nowhere to go then Michael
fortunately that safer barriers on the
inside although he hit a ton let's
listen to Clint Bowyer's radio
I think when Clinton watches this Bank
he'll sick he'll have a little different
picture of what happened it's really
hard to tell when you're in the car
exactly what causes some of these
accidents
these drivers sometimes find themselves
in the same position with the same
drivers and it's easy to say but I think
Clint will see that Michael had a lot of
help there in creating that situation
Michael trying to get back into Victory
Lane in the NASCAR Nationwide Series and
we are under caution for the